


Dear All

As advised through a WhatsApp earlier, the field is just about ready.

We have had to limit lanes to 6 to allow social distancing.

Would suggest that the time slots are 2 hours. A 1 hour slot would only give the archer approx 40 to 45 minutes actual shooting time.

The car parking area has 6 marked out spaces, if archers park in the middle of the space there is plenty of room between cars. 

Once exiting their vehicle if they follow the giant arrow just behind the gate on their left they are led into a walkway which will give them access to all the live lanes. Lane 1 being at the far end against the Tenzone boss shed. There is a picnic bench against each lane. All bosses have been left at 30 metres with no pegs. 

The small shed has been cleared and a table put inside, on that table there are 80cm full size tables and 80 cm 10 down to 6 faces. The 122 cm faces are on the floor underneath.

Also on the table are face pins. Along with disposable gloves and antiseptic wipes should anybody forget theirs.

The Archery in Progress sign has been fixed in a down position.

I will print out 6 copies, laminate and staple to the each picnic table before we open the field for general use.




Right now down to what we need to tell the archers.




-----

1 Upon arriving at the field. If you have to open the bottom gate please replace the lock and chain in the daisy chain format
    bearing in mind that somebody else will have opened it before you. Use gloves or sanitiser after. The same will apply for     the lock and chain into the field. Leave both gates open. If you are the last to leave the field shut the gate and lock it. If     there are no cars in the village hall car park or adjacent grass/allotments lock the bottom gate. If there are leave open.

2 Park your car in the center of the marked parking bays on the right just inside our field. Designated by white lines on the floor and pink topped stakes. This should give you enough space for social distancing. There are 6 spaces.

3 When exiting your vehicle to make your way to a boss lane please use the marked walkway along the edge of the trees.          Walk along this walkway until you reach your chosen boss. Use the picnic table at each boss for your kit.

4 Take a face and face pins from the small shed for your own use. At the end of your session take the face and face pins     home with you. Remember to bring them back for your next session.

5 If you need to move the boss to a different distance please use gloves or sanitise after. Return the boss to 30 metres at the     end of your session

6 One archer per boss unless from the same household or family group.



Notes

The village hall toilets will not be available

Leave the Archery in Progress sign Down

You are expected to provide your own gloves and sanitiser. There are a small amount of disposable gloves and antiseptic wipes on the table in the small shed for emergency use if you forget yours.

Leave the covers off the bosses.

If they are free, we would suggest that family or same house groups use lane 1 and 2 as there is more space and being on the end there will be less passing traffic.

Please be conscious of your slot start and finish time. Leave your lane, put your equipment away and vacate your parking bay within the allocated time. If you arrive a bit early and there are no parking spaces available wait in your car outside of the gate until a space becomes available. Do not park outside of our field.

Above all remember to social distance.

